1)When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Ans:     When many people are working on the same project setting up a remote allows all the collaborators 
    to work simultaneously ont he project.   



2)Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Ans:     Whenever i feel that some changes made to remote are unnecessary for my local working it is best not to 
update the local copy.So having the liberty of pulling manually allows us to update the local copy only when we want to. 


3)Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Ans:    A fork refers to making a copy of someone else repository on github to out github account
     whereas a clone refers to copying a repository from github to our local machine 
     A branch refers to changes made locally
         I would use a fork to get a copy of someone elses repository to my own github account
         I would use clone to copy the forked repository to my local machine
         I would use branches to make changes locally


4)What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Ans:	Having a local copy allows us to compare the remote with the local and also
	allows access to the remote without internet.


5)How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Ans:	Without github we would have to hold personal meetings to discuss implementation of experimental features
	It would be easier to explain the problem exactly without emails and stuff.
	    But it would be hard to keep record of history of the project for outsiders
	    and also it would be hard to work when people are apart.


6)When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Ans:	When working alone or with two people working on the master is helpful whereas while collaborating
	with a large group of people working on separate branches is helpful to keep track of which changes are already reviewed.
